Authored and presented a research paper titled "An Approach to Automate Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing for Start-ups" and presented at International Conference on Management of MSME (ICMM), 2023.

Given the constraints that MSMEs face in this era of disruption and their continued relevance to sustainable development, IIM Amritsar organized the 2nd International Conference on Management of MSME with a theme of Fostering an Innovation Ecosystem (held on 20th – 22nd January 2023 in Amritsar, India). The conference was a platform to bring together policymakers, professionals, academicians, and researchers to share and discuss the knowledge and research ideas enabling MSMEs to take advantage of various emerging trends.

Abstract:
Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing (VAPT) describes a broad range of security assessment services designed to identify and address cyber security exposures across an organisation’s IT estate. Cyber-attacks and threats are real-world problems today with thousands of networks and websites and being compromised every day. Some of the normal reasons we see for carrying out a VAPT are: a) Customer needs, specifically for security of their information, b) Compliance of Industry standards, c) Validation of security controls, d) Proactive security audits to protect their data and systems from new threats.
Even for start-ups, to understand and tackle each vulnerability manually, is not easy. It involves lot of manual efforts and time. Also, since each start-up might have different requirements, (i.e features from various stake-holders on its application), therefore, customizing the VAPT process exclusively for a start-up makes the task of the process developer complex and at times difficult to achieve in real time. An attempt is made to automate the VAPT process for start-ups. The process consists of identification of vulnerability and penetration, and automate the process using various tools or by bash scripting. In this work, we present the automated VAPT process, developed specifically for the start-ups.

Key words: Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing, Cyber security, start-ups
